Don't generate setter for output properties (#1832)
slint-ui/slint: CHANGELOG.md

   There was a warning about this change in previous versions (#1394)
 - `Window`'s `default-font-size` property is now always set to a non-zero value, provided by 
   either the style or the backend.

>  - In the interpreter, calling set_property or get_property for property of the base no longer work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In the interpreter, calling set_property or get_property on properties of the base no longer works.
```
